C-Zentrix is the flagship product of Towards Vision Technologies Private Limited (TVT). Incorporated in the year 2002. TVT is amongst the leading software product companies of the world providing contact center software and enterprise level software for voice and data applications .
C-Zentrix was developed with a vision of creating next-generation, simplified call center technology solution  by offering customer engagement center to enable better communication and 360° experience for the end customer. C-Zentrix's single box solution is unique one box customer engagement solution in the world for over 150 concurrent agents. C-Zentrix wishes to help organizations across industries to set up and manage their personalized customer engagement center  hassle at free low cost and high efficiency.
Our products and solutions are extensively used for Predictive Dialing, Inbound/Outbound Skill based call routing, Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS), IPBX, Voice and Screen Loggers, CRM, Conference Bridge, Robo call, Missed Call etc. We expertise in Voice Commerce solutions and mobile based applications. Our complain management and lead management solutions enable our customers across industries to provide a better experience for their end customers.
C-Zentrix has presence across 5 continents with special focus on emerging markets. Today,we are proud of serving some of the top enterprises of  India as our customers like Max Life Insurance Limited, ICICI Lombard, Reliance General Insurance, Berkshire India ,SMC India, NSE Mumbai, NIIT Limited, Amity University, Kohler India, Pidilite Industries, Snapdeal.com, Quikr.com, Goibibo.com, Red Bus, Teleperformance, Arvato, Magus Dialog,  MNREGA Rajasthan, DIAL 100 Mumbai and many more.

CRM Partners

CRM plays the key role for any organization growth however it’s pain for any sales team to manage multiple window between dialer and CRM system. It has been difficult for CRM companies also to integrate telephony with their system so after years of industry experience C-Zentrix have come up with unique product called C-Z bar. Our partners Salesforce, Talisma, Zoho, MS-Dynamics, Freshdesk have integrated system ready so in way switching between 2 windows is completely out now. It also creates a value add-on to CRM companies as well as this integration help them in more customer acquisition.

Features like:

– Number masking.
– CTI integration.
– Single sing on
– Ticket/Lead management 2 way integration.
– Complete telephony with dialer, dialer modes and reporting.

Becomes the USP for any CRM system and provides the extra edge. team with core understanding of compliance, business analysis team with strong understanding of industry which gives extra edge to our SI partners while bidding and compiling the RFP. Few examples where C-Zentrix have closed the bid with SI

– Dial 100 Mumbai, Noida and Shimla
– Rajasthan MANAREGA
– Haryana state excise department.
– Several programs of Digital India mission

C-Zentrix is the leading Cloud Telephony Company In India

The communication and connectivity industry has reached the cloud in its endeavor to go beyond the sky. Even the common man without any technical knowledge is experiencing and enjoying this drastic change. He is happy remaining connected with his loved ones. This is the emotional part; the business and to be more precise the profit oriented part of the technology explosion in communication industry gave birth to the cloud based communication and data solutions companies. Business houses and entrepreneurs are smiling and more than happy with this gift of cheaper, faster and better universal connectivity

 

C-Zentrix is the leading Cloud Telephony Company In India. Cloud telephony is the latest technology in communication. It replaces the (PBX) PRIVATE BRANCH EXCHANGE and Contact Centers used by big business houses. Relieving the companies of the :-

            Heavy initial cost.
             Blocking costly office space.
             Maintaining complicated hardware.
             Recruiting costly IT manpower.
             Suffering breakdown time.

 

Be wise, move with time, go for cloud services. The benefits of C-Zentrix cloud services are:-

    Suitable for small and big business alike.

          Can upgrade as your business grows.
             Connectable to any device.
             Increase the number of devices as your business grows.
             Decrease the number of devices as demand decreases.
             Avail expert service at zero cost.
             Drastic reduction in communication cost.
             Remain connected with the total workforce wherever they are.

 

Outsource your communication section to C-Zentrix, target attention to more valuable areas of your business; increase profit and stay content with unbelievable results you see!


